---
title: 'Next steps for Flare Characterization paper'
date: 2023-09-26
permalink: /posts/2023/09/Monday/
tags:
  - research
  - flares
  - DEM
  - LIEUVS
---

This week I am trying to fit the DEM for a star that has been requested by a collaboration I am part of, but also trying to get over an inertial hurdle I am facing with the flare characterization paper. I had a conversation about this flare paper with Ward Howard when I visited Boulder last week where I was advised to expand the scope of the demonstration sample of flares to three; including Parke Loyd's HAZMAT FUV flare. The step I have been stuck on is making the list of emission lines that will get plotted and looking through all the moment-analog timersies data for each line in each flare. Having a third flare should hopefully force me to write a proper plotting comparison function instead of me just plotting individual lines in isolation based on my whims.

I am thinking about a new plot structure where the left side of the plot has N or M rows for N emission lines or M flares (where I would be comparing all N lines within a single flare in the first case or the response of each of the M flares in a single emission line in the latter case) OR in the overkill plot version be the full N by M grid. The right side is divided into 3 or 4 rows for the timeseries of each moment analog (maybe dropping the asymmetry measurement if it is too noisy or redundant with the centroid to be useful). Each moment-analog timeseries panel will have differentiated lines for the quantity being varied in the left side of the plot (N lines or M flares) in the case where the left is just a single column. For the grid, I think there is no point trying to plot all of the moment-analogs, that is just a mess. Having these plots (1 N by M rainbow grid, N two column plots for when the emission line is held fixed and the left side has M rows, and M two column plots for the opposite arrangement: N + M + 1) in place should let me get the full picture before deciding what needs to be in the paper. For the N lines, this will be the strongest line for a few different ions + the velocity co-added lines for each of those ions, so N = 2 * number of ions being looked at. N V, Si III, and C II are the ones with single unblended lines plotted in the Feinstein:2022 paper and form the lower limit of what I can work on. Si III is the only one where a coadd is worth trying I think (N V is strong enough and C II might have ISM extinction in the bluer line). The Froning:2019 GJ 674 flare and Loyd:2018 flare are both strong enough that more lines may be possible than this lower limit, but the analysis has to be possible with just those 3. Much less than I expected. Fewer moments mean more lines, so that is worth exploring once I have done this version.

Just had to rerun the DEM, just can't get it to behave with this X-ray data and have had to switch to conditioning on the plasma model spectrum instead.